com/example/mindmattersapp/models/MainPerfil.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.models.MainPerfil
com/example/mindmattersapp/activities/WellBeingActivity.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.activities.WellBeingActivity
 com.example.mindmattersapp.activities.WellBeingActivity$1
com/example/mindmattersapp/models/WellBeingEntry.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.models.WellBeingEntry
com/example/mindmattersapp/adapters/DiaryAdapter.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.adapters.DiaryAdapter
 com.example.mindmattersapp.adapters.DiaryAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/mindmattersapp/activities/DirectorioActivity.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.activities.DirectorioActivity
 com.example.mindmattersapp.activities.DirectorioActivity$1
com/example/mindmattersapp/activities/DisplayMessageActivity.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.activities.DisplayMessageActivity
com/example/mindmattersapp/register.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.register
com/example/mindmattersapp/models/MainBien.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.models.MainBien
com/example/mindmattersapp/activity_confirmacion.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.activity_confirmacion
com/example/mindmattersapp/data/UserConfig.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.data.UserConfig
com/example/mindmattersapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.BuildConfig
com/example/mindmattersapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.MainActivity
 com.example.mindmattersapp.MainActivity$1
com/example/mindmattersapp/models/EditPerfil.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.models.EditPerfil
com/example/mindmattersapp/models/Doctor.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.models.Doctor
com/example/mindmattersapp/adapters/WellBeingAdapter.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.adapters.WellBeingAdapter
 com.example.mindmattersapp.adapters.WellBeingAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/mindmattersapp/models/UserModel.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.models.UserModel
com/example/mindmattersapp/models/InfoBien.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.models.InfoBien
com/example/mindmattersapp/activities/ForumActivity.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.activities.ForumActivity
 com.example.mindmattersapp.activities.ForumActivity$1
com/example/mindmattersapp/models/Topics.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.models.Topics
com/example/mindmattersapp/models/PageDiarioModel.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.models.PageDiarioModel
com/example/mindmattersapp/activities/MenuActivity.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.activities.MenuActivity
 com.example.mindmattersapp.activities.MenuActivity$1
 com.example.mindmattersapp.activities.MenuActivity$2
com/example/mindmattersapp/adapters/DoctorAdapter.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.adapters.DoctorAdapter
 com.example.mindmattersapp.adapters.DoctorAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/mindmattersapp/activities/DoctorDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.activities.DoctorDetailsActivity
com/example/mindmattersapp/models/PaginaDiario.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.models.PaginaDiario
com/example/mindmattersapp/adapters/RecyclerViewOnItemClickListener.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.adapters.RecyclerViewOnItemClickListener
com/example/mindmattersapp/activities/forum/ForumWebActivity.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.activities.forum.ForumWebActivity
com/example/mindmattersapp/adapters/ForumAdapter.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.adapters.ForumAdapter
 com.example.mindmattersapp.adapters.ForumAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/mindmattersapp/models/MainDiario.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.models.MainDiario
 com.example.mindmattersapp.models.MainDiario$1
com/example/mindmattersapp/menuprincipal.java
 com.example.mindmattersapp.menuprincipal
 com.example.mindmattersapp.menuprincipal$1
 com.example.mindmattersapp.menuprincipal$2
 com.example.mindmattersapp.menuprincipal$3
 com.example.mindmattersapp.menuprincipal$4
